Then it won't be
I told my mom.
I'm friends with him for life.
He has already helped him as a godson
It's better if I'm getting less and less
I will take you to borrow money tomorrow.
It's so cute.
Seems more like dad
Nonsense my child is not like me
You sit here for a while
I'm going to ask the doctor something. Hmm.
Hey, Joanne, it's really you
Did you come to see the doctor too?
Ah, right.
I just had a hysteromyoma follow-up
I just saw someone who looked like Mr. Rong.
Came out with you
Why is it gone now?
Mr. Rong, are you kidding me?
This is obstetrics and gynecology
What's a guy doing here?
I just saw a handsome guy next to you
The body is always similar to the face
After all, like Mr. Rong stands out from the crowd
The man in Yushu Linfeng is so stupid
Is it really not Mr. Rong?
Ah!
There was a handsome guy next to me just now
I didn't even notice it.
What a pity!
I also finished checking
Well, then I have something to do, so I'll go first.
Mr. Rong, I was just in the obstetrics and gynecology department
I met the assistant who stopped at the door
I think he saw you. What should I do?